donor
This tip was specially left by the master before he was large
Please keep it
Ah, that's right
The master said
The Soul Locking Formation must be on the night of the full moon
To achieve maximum power
Please keep in mind
Write more daoist friends
The master said
The curse of Fengmen Village is the mother and son evil
Mother and child rooted
Swallowing evil spirit
The Soul Locking Formation can't seal it either
In the end, the master had to use his own soul
Integrate with the Soul Locking Array
Only then did the mother and son evil temporarily suppress it?
I see
Wu Chenchen killed an adult
He is worthy of being a great master.
donor
I hope you can break the curse of Fengmen Village soon.
Let the master travel to Xianyou
I will do my best
Die forever
Zixuan Yuqing
Master, how is the matter I asked you to check?
Hey, master, why did you just come back now?
After tonight, it will be the third day
If you don't come back
The devil should start killing. Don't worry.
I've found a way to deal with the devil child
How?